Ice skating
Peppa and her family are
going to ice skating today.
This will be fun.
Peppa and George has never
been ice skating before.
Now George,
you won't be a very good at ice
skating so just do what I do.
I am sure we'll all be very good.
Yes. Especially me
First, we need some skates.
At the ice rink,
everyone wear skates.
Hello, Ms. Rabbit.
Hello, mummy pig.
We'd like to hire
some skates, please.
There you go.
Thank you.
Happy skating.
Here are Suzy sheep,
Rebecca rabbit,
Danny dog, Zoe zebra, Candy cat,
Emily elephant, and Pedro pony.
Peppa's friends can
ice-skate very well.
Peppa wants to ice-skate, too.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, peppa.
Is this yourfirst time skating?
Yes.
Shall I show you how you skate?
No, thank you, Suzy,
I am sure I can already do it.
Okay, come on then.
This is impossible.
I don't want to
ice-skating anymore.
Don't worry, Peppa.
Everyone falls over
when they ice-skate.
Even I fall over.
Watch this, oopsy daisy!
Silly daddy.
George, would you like to skate?
No.
George has never skated before,
and he is a bit worried.
I'll look after George while
you teach peppa how to skate.
Skating is easy, peppa.
Just push with yourfeet and glide.
Push, push, glide. See?
Push, push, glide.
This is easy,
I can do it on my
own now, mummy
Push, push, glide.
Well done, Peppa.
Look at me, I'm skating.
Peppa is doing really well.
Yes, I am a very good teacher.
Slow down, Peppa,
you'll bump into someone.
Don't worry, mummy,
I am very good at skating.
Oh, where are the brakes?
Oh, dear.
I forgot to teach Peppa
how to stop.
Oh... ah, I can not stop.
Look out.
Mummy pig taught you
how to skate,
but I taught you
how to fall over.
Yes, I am very
good at falling over.
George, do you
want to skate too?
No.
Come on, George, it's fun.
I'll teach you.
First, you need to.
Weeeee...
George, come back,
I'm teaching you
how to ice-skate.
What a surprise!
George can skate beautifully.
Wow look at George.
Very good, George.
Now you need to
learn how to stop.
Well done, George.
You're fantastic, George!
Yes, you did very well, George,
foryour first lesson.
Come on, let's skate.
Yes...
Peppa and George
love ice-skating,
everyone love ice-skating.
Mummy and Daddy taught me
how to skate,
but I taught George.